# AI Generated Airwindows Documentation

WARNING: Work in progress

This repo contains documentation for the Airwindows plugins (VST/CLAP/Rack and more). The documentation is generated by an LLM, and not written by Chris himself.

## Details

This is an attempt at making short, easily glanceable documentation for the excellent Airwindows plugins.

It's a bit challenging to do, due to LLMs being not too bright (running llama3.1 80b locally) and airwindopedia not being ideal input for an LLM.

For those interested in the steps in the process, here's a short description.

### The process so far is:

#### Step 1

First, I split airwindopedia.txt into 1 text file per plugin. Then I make the LLM analyze each of these files and return a dependency list. Dependencies are other plugins referenced within the description, which happens a lot in the 'pedia. A bit like this:

    APlug: This plugin is pretty much like Yplug, but with Xplug's distortion.

Of course, the LLM doesn't know Yplug or Xplug at this time, so we can't reasonably expect it to be able to tell us what APlug actually does.

#### Step 2

Looping over each file again, we load the plugin description + any dependency plugin descriptions into a "prompt" for the LLM,
that explains what data is for context, and what is the actual plugin we are working on currently.

Then i ask the LLM to generate documentation based on that. We do this 3 times for each and store all 3 results. They are usually very different results.

#### Step 3

Run over the 3-results-per-plugin data, and ask the LLM to pick the best of the 3, then update that version with any missing stuff that may be present in the other 2. Then finally we ask it to generate the final output doc-file. We check the content of this file for a few things gone wrong and retry the request if it's gone bad.

This takes hours, since there are +400 plugins, but finally, this gives us the versions that are stored in this repo.
